Human-evaluation-tips (#23)
huggingface/evaluation-guidebook: contents/model-as-a-judge/basics.md

- They are indeed cheap to instantiate, but paying actual expert human annotators is likely to give you qualitatively better results for your specific use cases.

## How to start?
- If you want to give it a go, I suggest first reading this [very good guide](https://huggingface.co/learn/cookbook/en/llm_judge) (⭐) by Aymeric Roucher on how to setup your first LLM as judge!

> - You can also try the [distilabel](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/) library, which has specific tasks to use LLMs as a judge. They have a nice [tutorial](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/sections/pipeline_samples/papers/ultrafeedback/) applying the methodology of the [Ultrafeedback paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01377) and this other [tutorial on benchmarking](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/sections/pipeline_samples/examples/benchmarking_with_distilabel/) implementing the Arena Hard benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also try the [distilabel](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/) library, which allows you to generate synthetic data and update it using LLMs. They have a nice [tutorial](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/sections/pipeline_samples/papers/ultrafeedback/) applying the methodology of the [Ultrafeedback paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.01377) as well as a [tutorial on benchmarking](https://distilabel.argilla.io/latest/sections/pipeline_samples/examples/benchmarking_with_distilabel/) implementing the Arena Hard benchmark.
```
